alright step on a duck free 69 you want
to call me out I'm calling you out you
want to show how to take down a great
Jaggi in 46 seconds mind you 46 seconds
from the beginning of the mission rather
than from the first hit that's fine but
I'm not going to be the one to do it no
my wife is yeah so you may think you
might talk big game but I'm the real big
game hunter and this is the real big
game hunter assualt her everything she
needs to know it might take I think it's
gonna take 2 or 3 hits it's be a lot
less than your little crew Apeco hammer
has though oh yeah look at that
reaching mad truths here
one more Jim right in the face there we
go
45 seconds that's right step on a duck
369 45 from the beginning
Jen's gotcha he got you what now where's
her little video response nah it was
actually a really good video somebody
sent me they got him in one greatsword
hit but it required bombs but that's it
this is the standard step in a duck 369
before you call someone out you should
know who you're calling to call my wife
out real like that boom done done just
like you step on a duck 369 that's it
quest complete
we got a king's reel to